So here, what we're gonna do
next as a first step is we're
gonna use the values that
are in this box object here.
So as this is not TensorFlow specific
code, I wrote it in the utils, but
we can have a look at it as well,
cuz it's basically using Canvas.
So if you've worked with
Canvas in frontend before.
We're creating a Canvas element and
we know the image size of the image
that we're taking when we're
clicking the capture button.
And yes, here is just styling
a position date in a weird position,
but you can change that.
And here what we're doing is that we're
going to pass the image that we're
taking and
also faces is going to be the coordinates
that I just showed you in the console.
And here, if you are used
to you working with Canvas,
you might be used to it,
but just in case here,
you always call like beginPath before
you draw something on the Canvas.
And strokeStyle is going to be
our line and it's just the color.
So we are gonna draw a red
box around a face, and
the rectangle is going to be using
the values that were in the faces object.
So, because there's only one face in
the image or only have one face that was
returned in the prediction,
we're going to use the first one.
But you could try it
yourself with two people and
then you'll have to maybe duplicate
this and use a face 1 instead of face 0.
And then we have xMin and
yMin for the top left corner.
Yes, and then width and height.
So if we look back,
if I didn't refresh, yes.
Here, you have xMax and yMax.
I think that will probably be
the coordinate of the bottom right point.
But if you already have width and height,
you might not actually
need these two as well.
And then we're just appending
that onto the image.
So if we go back to part three,
and we just import drawFaceBox.
And here,
where we have our console.log(faces),
we just have FaceBox and we give it faces,
so the prediction from the model.
What should happen if I kind of rerun
the thing, so I turn on the webcam and
I capture the face and
then I predict, [LAUGH] I forgot.
So if we look back to
the details function,
the first argument is not
faces is the image itself.
So here we pass it photo,
the same way that we passed it in
our estimate faces method as well.
And now we should work, I understand
that you could not find min X and
stuff in photos because it's not
that wasn't the correct object.
So start again [LAUGH] and predict.
[SOUND] You have a [LAUGH]
square around your face.
In this particular example,
that's just what it does.
But you could see how maybe if
you were maybe not using, well,
if you wanted to like track people,
that sounds not really good.
But if you wanted maybe to work
with like a cars or something,
if you wanted to see how many cars go past
you like every day or something like that.
Sometimes if you look at examples, they do
have these little rectangles to kind of
isolate the object and
to know where they are.
But you could, let's say if you were
building even an art installation or
something and you wanna know how
many people pass by everyday,
then you could kind of like
draw things like that.
So basically, to be able to
see your face on an image and
then draw something in the Canvas,
then that's basically the lines
of code that you need.
So hopefully you can see how you can
start with a small idea of using an image
detection model with a file picker,
and then you can experiment with
either changing the model or
changing the type of interaction.
And you can explore
that type of things and
see what's available with
the TensorFlow.js library.
And then you can even come up with
different applications that you want to